Add TypeScript's modifiers guide. (#28081)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/typescript/modifiers/index.md

---
title : Modifiers
---

> # TypeScript's Modifiers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Modifiers
```

> Modifiers are can be use to limits the access of the class members scope. TypeScript has `public`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modifiers are can be use to limit the access of the class members scope. TypeScript has `public`,
```

`private` and `protected` modifier.

### public

> Usually we do not need to mark member of the class `public` in TypeScript, each member is `public` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In TypeScript, you do not need to mark a member of a class `public`, each member is `public` by default.
```

```typescript
class Tree {
    public name: string;
    public age: number;
    public constructor(name:string, age:number){
        this.name = name;
        this.age = number;
    }
    public detail(){
      console.log(`${this.name} is ${this.age} years old.`);
    }
}

```

### private

> Sometimes we've to rigid the class member scope from outside, to do this mark member of the class `private`. In TypeScript,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you want to hide the member scope from outside classes. To do this, mark member of the class `private`. In TypeScript,
```

> `private` properties couldn't access from outside the class scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`private` properties can't be accessed from outside the class scope.
```

```typescript
class Tree {
    private name: string;
    private age: number;
    constructor(name:string,age:number){
        this.name = name;
        this.age = age;
    }
 }
 
 let tree = new Tree('Banyan', 102);
 tree.name; // Error: 'name' is private;
```

### protected

> The `protected` modifier acts same like `private` modifier with the exception that members declared protected can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `protected` modifier acts like the `private` modifier with the exception that members declared protected can
```

> also be accessed within deriving classes. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also be accessed within deriving classes. For example:
```

```typescript
class Animal {
    protected name:string;
    protected constructor(name:string){
        this.name = name;
    }
}

class Cat extends Animal {
    private color: string;
    constructor(name:string,color:string){
        super(name);
        this.color = color;
    }
    public getAnimalDetail(){
        return `Hello, my name is ${this.name} and my skin color is ${this.color}`; 
    }    
}

let lucy = new Cat("Lucy","White");
let misty = new Animal("Misty"); // Error: The 'Animal' constructor is protected;
```
### readonly

> We can make members of the class readonly by using the `readonly` keyword.Readonly acts same like `const` properties must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can make members of the class readonly by using the `readonly` keyword. Readonly properties must
```
